the Lebanese armed group Hezbollah says
it's carried out several attacks on
towns in northern Israel Israel has
responded by launching a wave of air
strikes on the group's positions in
Lebanese border towns the Army says it
targeted military buildings and rocket
launcher
sits let's get more on this from Ali
Hashim he's in Aura in southern Lebanon
Ali I understand just the last hour or
so there's been new strikes take us
through that
oh yes Sami it's not a calm day today in
South Lebanon several Israeli
bombardments uh on the uh borderline
with Lebanon also a couple of attacks by
heah on Israeli positions heah announced
uh yesterday that one of its Fighters
has been killed also just few minutes
from now another statement by hasah uh
said that another fighter was killed in
an Israeli air strike today on jab the
areas that were hit where here where we
are in nakura the vicinity of this
Village has been hid by artillery also
towards the uh the East M jabal maraba
uh also on the other side the Israeli
side the uh town of matat hasah said
that its own fighters launched an um
anti-missile uh towards um a military
position
inat of course till the moment there are
no um reports of casualties however this
is just the beginning of the day n how
are the Israeli objectives in this
conflict in the north shaping up so
far well the uh conflict over here
started being at the beginning it was
intertwined with with the situation inaz
was saying that it attacks mainly in
solidarity and support but later on
things started developing and that was
actually expected Israel started um
requesting that Hezbollah moves from the
borderline uh as a a condition so that
it wouldn't launch a military campaign
on Lebanon and there's been several
mediations going on in this regard
Israel is um saying that it's people in
the north there are thousands of
Israelis who are right now displaced
just the same like on the other side in
Lebanon where also thousands of Lebanese
are displaced well Israel is saying that
the only condition for its people to get
back to the border is that hasah gets
away and hasah till the moment isn't
giving a clear clear answer but they are
linking the whole conversation over the
presence on the on the border to the end
of the war the complete end of the war
in Gaza and then after that there there
is going to be maybe uh a conversation
about that but given even what we're
hearing from hisbah officials or what
they're hinting to they don't seem to
have the intention to leave the Border
Without Really without any any any any
situation I mean they don't really think
that an Israeli campaign could really
get them out of of here because this
happened in 2006 and they didn't leave
the the Border despite the United
Nations security Council resolution
1701 all right we'll leave it there
thanks so much Ali Hashim